one of the biggest changes in the
economy in the last 20 30 years has been
an enormous increase in asset prices
that is most visible
in house prices but it's important to
understand that it's actually happened
in pretty much all assets there's been a
massive increase in stock prices there's
been a massive increase in land prices
there's been a massive increase in the
gold price and while I'm filming this in
London there's been a lot of focus in
the UK and London it's important to
realize that increase has been pretty
much International we've seen a big
increase in house prices and stock
prices all over Europe the us all over
the Western World now this is what I
call the asset economy the reason I call
it this is because asset prices have
increased enormously in the last 30
years and wages have only increased a
bit we have moved into a new kind of
economy where increasingly the work that
you do is not really that important for
determining how rich you are
increasingly the only thing that matters
is how many assets your family has